Add a new Times object for FMU interface (#31156)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/times/ControllableInputTimes.md

# ControllableInputTimes

!syntax description /Times/ControllableInputTimes

This object should be used to specify a time sequence dynamically updating during the simulation.

> `ControllableInputTimes` supports two inputs: a controllable real-valued `nexttime` and a noncontrollable time sequences input `times`. If both are provided, they’re merged and kept in sorted order to form a single schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ControllableInputTimes` supports two inputs: a controllable real-valued `next_time` and a non-controllable time sequences input `times`. If both are provided, they’re merged and kept in sorted order to form a single schedule.
```

Reviewer: just a convention

> In the example, `RealFunctionControl` computes the next event time during the run and updates `ControllableInputTimes` accordingly. You can predefine fixed event times with `times`, and adjust `nexttime` on the fly via the control block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example, `RealFunctionControl` computes the next event time during the run and updates `ControllableInputTimes` accordingly. You can predefine fixed event times with `times`, and adjust [!param](/Times/ControllableInputTimes/next_time) on the fly via the control block.
```
